Frontier AI Radar - Enhancements-20260316_203214-Meeting Recording 

March 16, 2026, 3:02PM 

45m 40s 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak started transcription 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   0:03 
Our discussion was we have to 1st generate A digest and then the digest should be in the form of PDF and then in the form of audio book and then we have to give the a chance to them interact text based and then voice based. 
So we can see here this is one of the digest we have in yesterday we have run. We have the respective PDF digest here. We can see it in the same format which is our usual PDF digest and then for the same we have the audio book. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   0:36 
OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   0:39 
So this is how it works. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   0:39 
Mhm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   0:42 
So. 
Still the note just to. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   0:53 
You got 11 labs from Asif, right? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   0:56 
Yes, yes, yes, I got. 
Are you able to? 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   1:07 
21 minutes? No, no. The thing is you have to reshare your screen and then when you reshare just click on include sound. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   1:18 
OK. 
Mm. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   1:22 
When you reshare, there will be an option called include sound. You have to. It's a toggle. You have to click that toggle. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   1:30 
OK, uh, sorry, I'm not able to find it. Just a minute. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   1:34 
So when you share your screen, right, so there at the very top, it includes sound, yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   1:37 
Yes. 
Yeah, got it, got it, got it. 
AI Radar, Executive and Technical Digest, Competitor Moves, Foundation Models, Research Papers and Benchmarks 202603 Ton of 1507 Ton 42 UTC run run 2020 603. So one just one thing I wanted to add it. See for now we have not modified the PDF. 
So that the digest is exactly the speech text to to speech. So based on the PDF whatever we have generated. So it is that only moving forward we will modify the PDF in such a way that even though if we get this text to speech. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   2:06 
Mhm. 
Mhm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   2:20 
It won't read the date kind of thing, whatever it is doing now. So it is an enhancement. A smart enhancement will do it. Research papers and benchmarks 2026. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   2:27 
Yeah, because uh. 
For a for a audio book, it will be different. First of all, it should not be crossing more than 10 minutes. No one's gonna listen more than 10 minutes, OK? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   2:37 
Yes, yes, yes, we're gonna do that. But as they're starting as a first step to convert it as this, you have this done it. Yeah. Research papers and benchmarks 2026 zero three ton of 15 zero seven ton for BI 1.5 to 34 B chat achieved strong performance. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   2:41 
Yeah, yeah. French directly, yes. Oh. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   2:55 
Across multiple benchmarks, Y 1.534 B chat demonstrates exceptional performance with 33.36% average score across benchmarks, particularly strong on five date annotations and workflows with full traceability, advancing automation in data labeling. 
4 Y 1.56 Firm Framework advances image generation. 
New data sets and evaluation benchmarks introduced. Yeah yeah. So here when you are saying that we have to should not let it cross 10 minutes min. Where shall we find a way to get rid of this from the period? So by design first what we have done isn't whatever the digest we are getting that. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   3:23 
OK, let's let's move on. 
Yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   3:43 
Sending it directly 11 labs and getting the audio audio book here. So where will you suggest so to do that text to speech transition so that we will be not considering the PDF as this and we'll be having the list summarized version of it. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   3:47 
Mhm. 
Yes, so so basically the PDF which you're getting right, you have to put it in into into a markdown and put put another maybe a GPT call or an agent which will which will condense it. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   4:07 
OK. 
OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   4:17 
To be compatible to for an audio book. OK, because just and then once you have that compressed kind of text or summary, then you project it to text to speech. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   4:22 
OK. 
Yeah. 
OK, so in that we'll have the chance to not getting all of this also right? So this as is we can remove this with a clear prompt. You can only yes actually view what is matters. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   4:41 
Yes, yes, because see the see couple of things you don't have to you. You guys don't even have to ask. OK, so see the PDF. OK, see the PDF. Now this couple of things. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   4:50 
OK. 
Your. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   4:56 
Looks only good. I mean, makes sense when you see the PDF, but when you hear something, a lot of things will not make sense. OK, yes. So you have to create. I mean, once you look into the PDF, you you'll see, OK, there are a lot of sections. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   5:04 
Yes, yes, yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   5:12 
Which will be which I I'll just here without even seeing the PDF. It won't make sense. OK, so when you compress the text, you should keep this. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   5:16 
Yes. 
Yeah, God. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   5:27 
Instructions OK that yes. So your North Star is that OK how to create content for audiobook and then project 2. So create content for audiobook is something. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   5:29 
Got it, got it. 
Yeah. 
Yeah. Oh. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   5:43 
Which makes sense only when you hear things and without seeing OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   5:48 
Got it, got it. Yeah, probably we missed that point because we are directly taking the periods as this. Yeah, OK, we we modified it. Yeah, then we have to. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   5:54 
Yeah, that's OK. That's OK. It's an enhancement. So when you when you talk interact with AI, we should give a better name to this and we should not have text in voice mode, it should be just interact. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   6:01 
Yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   6:08 
And text and voice mode should be in the subsequent screen. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   6:15 
Subsequent as in I didn't get you exactly. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   6:15 
See when you were. 
So when you click text, OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   6:20 
Yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   6:21 
Uh. 
First it should be button should be just interact OK and there should be a microphone button in this screen so that user knows right? So even if you click text here you can interact with voice right? So that's a bad design. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   6:28 
OK. 
No, no Sir. Yeah, let me tell you here what happening is that when we try to interact with the microphone also here the design it, it will be converted into the text and the response also will be in the text. But in the voice separately what is there that is a completely voice to voice there. So that is how we thought of it. 
But here also if you want to like add that command here then we could do that. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   7:05 
See, try to keep a design. What generally all this clawed and chargeability follows. OK, they don't have like a voice mode or something like, right? They have just. 
They have just the chat screen and there's a voice mode in in that, so they don't have like a voice button specifically, correct? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   7:20 
OK. 
Yeah. And one thing here, uh, got it. So when we do that, right? Uh, when I am, when I'm asking you the question with the voice, then what should be the response in turn? 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   7:30 
Because. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   7:41 
It is in the form of text, otherwise how shall we get that? 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   7:48 
It shall be both. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   7:50 
Both when we are talking in the voice. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   7:53 
Yes. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   7:54 
OK, so in the same design or say in the same charge interface it's a. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   7:57 
Can you? Yeah, can you can you go to voice mode? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   8:00 
Yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   8:01 
Because you see right, there is confusion. I mean the user will get confused where between voice and text we have to remove that confusion. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   8:11 
OK. 
So the application is little lower. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   8:18 
So which screen is this? OK, now go to voice. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   8:20 
Yeah. 
Yes. Hey, just two-minute it will. So the functional here is Websocket. So once it connect with the servers then we'll be able to ask the questions question. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   8:34 
It. 
OK. And it is. Is it? Is it uh? 
Is it keeping a history? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   8:43 
Yeah, yes, yes, it is. Yeah. Can you please go give me top updates today? 
Let me check today's key AI developments. 
There are two major developments in AI today. 
I think here, due to the resound, whichever it is, again asking the question by itself. But let me check today's key AI developments. Anthropic has made a significant move by launching a $100 million cloud partner network, which shows they're serious about building a stronger ecosystem. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   9:23 
Hmm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   9:39 
Around their AI assistant and competing with Open AI's market position. The other big news is that Scale AI has launched their Scale Labs Research Hub, marking their expansion from data services into core AI research and development, putting them in more. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   9:42 
Sorry. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   9:55 
Direct competition with major AI labs like Anthropic and Open AI. 
Thanks for that. 
You're welcome. 
You're welcome. 
Yeah. So that is how we can continue the conversation then. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   10:16 
Understood. I I think then then your design is correct. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   10:19 
Next. 
Yeah, that's what I thought because there it is not like it seems to have that both of those. So that's why I just. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   10:23 
Yeah. 
Yes, but yeah, but couple of feedback in the voice mode. OK, your text is coming before the voice, OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   10:32 
Yes, yeah. 
Yes, yes. Yeah. So I wanted to thought of, I thought of this. I want your suggestion here because what 11 lab is doing is that here we are sending the data from the back end to front end in the form of batches actually. So when the LLM is generating the response for the audio or we are sending it to 11 labs, then we are sending the batch for. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   10:37 
It's. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   10:56 
For the first batch it is taking the time and then this consequence batches will automatically fill in because as it will be keep speaking right, the batches are streaming continuously. So we would need kind of a suggestion here. How can we solve that initial one? 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   11:05 
Mm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   11:12 
The conversion one. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   11:15 
I mean you can keep a queue right until unless until unless you see the output from 11 labs. OK queue. Yeah, yes, it should be in in total sync when. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   11:25 
OK, we we shouldn't show the text. 
Got the info. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   11:33 
When someone is speaking at the same time, the text should appear OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   11:38 
God, God. Yeah, I'll implement it. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   11:42 
OK, second thing is, uh, please go to voice mode again. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   11:42 
Yeah. 
Yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   11:49 
It's still a bit slow. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   11:52 
Yes, yes, actually. So we are thinking of it like the main is the 11 labs is what we found that that is a little slow. We can I think we have to change the provider itself. So I'll try to explore on it like where in which areas we can reduce the time it is from the design perspective. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   12:10 
Yes, I I'll, I'll, yeah, I'll give you 2 suggestions, OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   12:10 
Or from the pro order perspective, I'll I'll have a yeah. 
OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   12:17 
But you have to explore a bit on top of it. OK, do you mind if I take the screen? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   12:21 
Yeah, OK. 
Uh, no, no, no. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   12:30 
So there are couple of things. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   12:34 
Just a minute, just let me stop this. 
It is already considering and giving the answers, yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   12:40 
Yes, yes, OK. 
So there are two things I'll recommend, but there could be some other similar things in the open source community as well. First of all is the persona plax. OK, so here it's direct. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   12:59 
Mhm. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   13:03 
Voice to voice. It's an open source model and it can take any persona. OK, for example, it can take a person of assistant, customer service, banking, customer service, medical office reception, natural back channel. It can take any persona. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   13:10 
OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   13:20 
OK, but uh, OK, let me see if I shared my audio. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   13:21 
Good. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   13:27 
Let me share my audio, OK, but he but try to listen to this and see how much there is. There is almost no gap between what user is saying and between what assistant is saying. OK, I'll play the audio. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   13:34 
OK. 
Mhm. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   13:46 
Hey, you want to hear a funny joke? Yes. OK. I haven't even said it yet. But yeah, go ahead. Yeah, it's going to be really funny when I actually say the joke. OK, so why did the picture go to prison to get away from the mirror? No, because it was framed. 
Oh, that's a good one. That's a good one. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. 
Do you have any more? I've got one more for you. OK, go ahead. OK. What do you call a fake noodle? A fake noodle? I don't know. I mean pasta. Nice, nice. I like that one. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   14:30 
Yeah, got it. We'll try to yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   14:33 
Got it right. Emotion is missing and the second thing is you see that the lag is 0 and because this is direct voice to voice, there is no speech to text, text to speech thing, OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   14:45 
Got it, got it. So one. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   14:48 
But you have to see how. Yeah, but we have to see how do we embed our context because the context is coming from the digest, correct? Or from the from the output which came after the crawl. OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   14:51 
Yeah, yeah. 
Yes. 
Yes, yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   15:04 
So this is one example. Here it can take any role. Let's say if if something like a medical office receptionist, OK, you just have to prompt. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   15:07 
Again. 
OK. 
Mhm. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   15:18 
And it will take that role. The voice will take the role. Welcome to Doctor Jones's office. How can I help you today? Howdy. My name is James Carrollton, and I was told to call this number to register as a new patient. Oh, yes, absolutely. We're happy to have you register. First, I'll need to get your basic information. May I have your full name, please? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   15:18 
OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   15:36 
Yeah, it's just James Carrollton. That's it. No middle name. Got it. James Carrollton. Now your date of birth. That'll be. Yeah, I'll not play the whole audio, but giving a sense, OK? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   15:46 
Yeah, got it. Got it. 
Yes, yes, thanks. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   15:52 
After this, your solution becomes interesting. OK, before this it's very old. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   15:59 
Yes, yes, yes. The first two, first two of it. So we didn't know actually. So the first two place we wanted this one, yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   16:06 
No, no, it's OK. Yeah, we we we are here to help you, right. So, so and this is, this is again open source, OK, this is called Livekit. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   16:11 
Yeah. 
OK, OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   16:21 
Here. So basically for any voice to voice right, there will be speech to text, the LLM and the text to speech, correct? So here we can put our own models. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   16:30 
Yes, yes, yes. 
OK, OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   16:38 
OK, and create a agent. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   16:41 
OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   16:41 
Create a voice agent. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   16:44 
OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   16:46 
So. 
So it's the same thing, it's just like. 
Let me. 
This is also really famous. OK, so an open source. Here you can plug all three of your models and create a voice agent on its own. OK, now you can create a rag on top of it and plug it to the data which is coming out of the crawl or coming out coming from digest. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   17:00 
OK. 
OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   17:16 
OK, so these are two two things you can play around and there will be similar things, but these are these are good direction for you all to start and enhance the voice mode. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   17:16 
No. 
Party. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   17:28 
OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   17:29 
Yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   17:30 
Yeah, I don't know if they have a demo or something, but. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   17:32 
Hello. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   17:35 
Uh. 
Um. 
Yeah, basically you can create your own voice agent by just putting a session with these three models. OK, but definitely look in the look in the documentation. OK, so this will be my suggestions for the voice board. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   17:53 
Not. 
Yeah. 
Yeah, could you please send me those two references whichever you have shown Nvidia's one and this one. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   18:06 
Yeah, I'll just paste in the chat, but I don't forget. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   18:09 
Yeah. 
So probably tomorrow I'll spend then time to play with around and then once we understood we can just integrate if it is feasible. Otherwise we'll see what we can do to make it possible. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   18:22 
Yeah. 
Yeah. 
Yeah, keep, yeah, keep, keep it as one of the one of the task. OK, now let's jump to other other enhancement. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   18:36 
OK. 
Yeah, so by as we told right, this is what we could do this yesterday and before and we also replaced with the what we say the competitors right before that for the hackathon we were just dumped too many. 
Open source URLs as a competitors, but whichever the Abhishek sent in the group yesterday, right the on our last call. So we have a properly them and we are getting our competitors as is. I just want to show and then we. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   19:02 
Mm-hmm. 
Okay. Yeah, please do it. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   19:11 
Yeah, then we just want, yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   19:12 
Can I see something? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   19:18 
Sorry. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   19:20 
Can I see the competitive results? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   19:22 
Yes, yes, I'm sure. So this 20 is. 
So this was the signals and then the in the competitors in detail here. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   19:39 
Mm. 
Is it? Is it like date or something today like or is it like taking from recent means? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   19:50 
It is the latest one. So today actually they were can you go through actually he he worked on today to get the today's updated one but there was a issue or something he was talking with me like if there is no updated information on that he was telling that it is taking some placeholder and getting the RSS from the other ones. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   19:52 
Hmm. 
Mm. 
Yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   20:09 
So they were thinking. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   20:11 
R is R equal to relevance, A equal to accuracy. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   20:14 
Yes, yes, this we we have have that score in the hackathon, right. It's accuracy and that it is about that one. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   20:18 
Yeah. 
Yeah. 
OK, you can put a legend so that it's for any user. It's yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   20:28 
Yeah, sure. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   20:32 
Yes. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   20:33 
Yeah, they were. Can you explain what were you were getting when you are putting the date parameters in the search or when you are calling the competitors? 

 
Devaraj, Agulla   20:41 
Yes, yes. So while fetching these competitors Harshit, I have like a few doubts. If there are no competitors updates then should we show empty or instead of showing empty, we should add more sources like open other RSS URLs and fetch from those and showing. 
It is better. What is your suggestion? 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   21:04 
First, tell me what are your sources right now? 

 
Devaraj, Agulla   21:07 
So as like in the previous day, like Abhishek sent some sources, right? Competitors sources. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   21:10 
Yeah, so let me. 
Uh, let me show that. 

 
Devaraj, Agulla   21:23 
These are the below 1. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   21:25 
Yes, yes, yes, yes, Sir. These are the one that we have kept now, Harshit. 

 
Devaraj, Agulla   21:26 
Yeah, no need to run, yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   21:33 
I mean sources will be their website only, correct? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   21:37 
Yes. 

 
Devaraj, Agulla   21:37 
Yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   21:38 
OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   21:41 
So what Deva is trying to tell you this if we are putting the date parameter there, if at all we are not putting anything in respect to today, let's say we are putting today the date parameter. If we're not getting there, then can we show it as empty? There are no updates today for the competitor. 

 
Devaraj, Agulla   21:46 
Hmm. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   21:47 
Hm. 
Yeah, no, no, you you can. So every day you will not get news from every competitor. OK, so suppose there are 10 competitors, you get news from five of them, just project five of them. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   21:57 
Actually we add more information. That's what you. 
Yeah. 
OK. 

 
Devaraj, Agulla   22:12 
OK. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   22:13 
So also, right, one thing, Google AI, can you go back to that list? So there are like, yeah, I don't know why Google is a competitor and why is Grok a competitor, right? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   22:19 
Yes. 
Yeah, few things. Yeah, yeah, few things. Actually, we were inserting other things for the other sakes like they, but they have got added here. We'll be removing them and we'll to put that. 

 
Devaraj, Agulla   22:29 
Yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   22:35 
Yeah, also. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   22:36 
OK. OK. Just, uh, just updating, right? Yeah, go ahead, Harshit. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   22:38 
Yes, yes, no. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   22:40 
Couple of them are missing like and. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   22:45 
But whichever like, uh, whichever centers we were able to add them. If not, uh, could you help us with that exact names? 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   22:46 
What you call it? 
OK, yeah, OK, let me let me type in the chat. It's it will be mark or it will be Turing. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   22:55 
You know, you know, I wish you. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   23:00 
Yeah, exactly. In fact, the list that I sent also has some missing. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   23:06 
Yeah, yeah, we could, we could able to add them, but rest of them we we don't know it. So we'll be adding them these all of the. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   23:12 
So Deccan AI Margot Turing Deccan AI OK, let me think of more and we'll add OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   23:16 
OK, OK. 
Yes, yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   23:19 
Hmm. 
Cognizant AI data data training services should it? Should it be a competitor? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   23:28 
This one cognizant AI data. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   23:30 
I think it is a competitor. I I mean they may be doing something. So Toloka, say for example, Toloka is another, right? And let me actually think. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   23:32 
OK. 
Abaca. Abaca is also one abaca dot AI. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   23:41 
Hmm. 
OK. 
But particularly to answer your question, right? Yeah, I mean, you might not find like news from all. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   23:52 
Neither. 
Yeah. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   24:00 
Delhi. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   24:01 
Yeah. And one more question, uh, to here is that. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   24:04 
So I would say don't try to do daily. Also, I would say that it should be weekly in my opinion. Harshit, what do you think? 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   24:13 
See I I have two things here that. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   24:17 
Yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   24:20 
We should have a weekly and a monthly digest irrespective, OK? And in daily digest, whatever you get, you add it. If you get one competitor, you add it. So that solves both the problems. But yeah, happy to take suggestions. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   24:25 
Yeah. 
Yeah, yeah, OK. That's what I'm trying to see because I was asking to like when we do the the crawling like to put the parameter. If you put the date parameter then then we will not be going to the previous dates. We will be only filtering only on the two days one. So there may be 0 or real number of things. If there are zero then we should. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   24:43 
Hmm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   24:57 
To 0 and then as you are saying for the weekly parameters, we will be having the date as seven days from now past let us say or what I'm trying to say is that let us say here we are trying to do a new run now. So we kind of provide a parameter saying that date from now to the past seven days. 
So then we do that search and then it has to get the digest from the last seven days and then we'll show them. That's what they are saying, right? So that instead of we are waiting for a week to get it run and see the results, the weekly digest also if you want to run there and there itself. 
We can have the provision to run it. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   25:33 
Yes, but I mean there should be a, I mean in in the platform we should for a you have a daily daily digest kind of run, right. There should be a weekly and a monthly as well. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   25:42 
Yes. 
Yes, yes. So these are the daily, I mean we can filter them based on what, yes, actually. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   25:47 
You can put tabs. Yeah, you can put. You can put tabs like, yeah, yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   25:51 
OK, OK, so here we can each tab we will be having list of dates of weeks and monthly. Yeah, that makes sense. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   25:58 
Yeah, you should, you should. I mean, let's next step we should work on persona, but feel free to demo this audio briefing and interact with AI too Abhishek as well. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   26:05 
Yes. 
Yeah so Abhishek what we have done is up to our last meeting we were doing the PDF right PDF digest. So same without changing it anything we have integrated the audio book for this. 
And this how it, uh, speaks actually. 
I think again I forgot to are you. Is this audible to you? 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   26:36 
No, it's not. Actually, you'll have to share your audio, yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   26:37 
No, no. 
Yeah, so, so it's so they they'll they'll have to improve the way it is speaking and the content it is speaking. But for a functionality perspective, this is ready. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   26:40 
Yes, yes, for a good. 
And Technical Digest competitor moves, foundation models, research papers and benchmarks. 2026-03 Ton of 15-07 Ton 42 UTC run run 2022 603 Y 534 B chat demonstrates exceptional. 
Performance with 33.36% average score across. Yeah, so here one point is Abhishek. For now we have taken the digest speed of as is to convert into text to speech, but Harshit given a suggestion for us that instead of directly taking that, we will be adding one more middle agent. 
Which would you be taking that markdown PDF mark markdown and converting the text for us for the audiobook. So which will don't have any unnecessary numbers and headings that all the things that we would be having in the PDF. So that would makes the listener good and it will also reduce the time. 
Because it will be only, uh, telling us the actual content that is we required. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   27:45 
So I have a question with respect to that, right? If we go to the to the text, can we go to the PDF very quickly? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   27:51 
Yes. 
Yes. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   27:55 
Do do you do we think that the current this thing? 
Format is right for a like a digest. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   28:07 
No, no. So that's so that's the middle layer which will be so it will be so. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   28:11 
No, no, we, I mean Harshit, what I'm saying is that should we should we improve the the the PDF itself so that when we feed in like this is what I'm I'm I'm actually thinking because it's talking about this run and all that right UTC and. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   28:24 
Hmm. 
Yes, yes. So right now what they're exactly. So let me let me just cover. OK, So what they have taken is put the added the whole content of PDF to the. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   28:30 
So we don't need this. Hmm. 
It. 
Hmm. 
Hmm. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   28:44 
Text to speech OK and even if so, so how I envision it is there there will be a lot of information which makes sense when you see something and there and there are information which which will make sense when you hear something without seeing anything OK. 
So that's so that's the gap which the another agent will. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   29:07 
Yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   29:10 
Cover. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   29:11 
But I'm actually wondering if we can even simplify this PDF itself. Like when we're generating this PDF, right? Do we need like say for example, why do we need this run? We should actually have. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   29:17 
So. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   29:26 
A specific date date is fine, date and time is not required. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   29:30 
Yes. 
That cleaning will be done, but there will be a lot of things. So if you're imagining that there is a PDF like in the future, there's a PDF which will exactly go into voice. That's also not right. OK, because there are, there are, there are, there are things like visualization and stuff. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   29:37 
Hmm. 
Hmm. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   29:52 
Which you can just see and grasp and if you just put it into a voice it will not make sense. So that cleaning anyways has to be done for voice mode, I mean the audio book mode. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   29:55 
Correct. 
Mm. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   30:07 
Yes. 
Yes. 
6. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   30:15 
Just like very minor things, right? If we Scroll down, I think particularly the date time you don't need that kind of like what is the run and all that right that is in the background only. So we don't need that. This is for you to understand. OK, this is that PDF for this run if you Scroll down what? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   30:17 
Mhm. 
Sure, yes. 
Yeah. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   30:35 
Other. 
Uh, so you're saying top signals, KPIs, what? What is it like if you go up? 
Executive summary, right? Top signals? No, no KPIs and daily. So I don't know what it is, what it means. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   30:46 
Which one? 
This one yours. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   30:59 
Is it the top five signals OK? 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   31:02 
Mhm. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   31:04 
Yeah, you can. Hmm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   31:04 
Yeah, this is highlights of. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   31:05 
So yeah, there is some cleaning required at a PDF level as well. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   31:09 
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   31:10 
In terms of headaches. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   31:11 
You, you know, yeah, I mean, don't even have to say top five signals and all that. You just say highlights. That's it. Today's highlights, right? And it may not be like top five. Good. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   31:20 
OK. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   31:21 
Yeah, and also this executives. Yeah, executive summaries has to be better. It it is not looking user friendly right now. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   31:31 
Yeah, because you're dumping. You're dumping something from ChatGPT actually here. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   31:33 
The markdown. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   31:37 
Oh, sure, sure, yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   31:38 
Yes. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   31:39 
Bake. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   31:41 
Yeah, we'll then make it good. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   31:44 
I mean, you just have to output. You have to output in HTML or you have to output in a format that a PDF absorbs such that it formats this accurately. That's all you need to do here. You understand, right? 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   31:45 
OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   31:57 
OK. 
Yes, hold on. Yes, yes, understood. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   32:05 
So mainly what what we are saying is that even this digest, so there are two layers, right? One thing that feeds into the audio briefing has to change, but even the PDF level right very some changes are required. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   32:22 
Yes, yeah, we'll do both of them. The middle layer Harshit is already suggested what exactly to do when we are translating it to text to speech and then this PDF level change. Yes, we'll consider it and we'll make it happen in the next one. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   32:22 
Hmm. 
See, I'll tell you very quickly, right? Actually the audio briefing should look should hear very like to the point it's giving like 5 top things and then it's going into detail of those top five things now in the back end. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   32:41 
Yes. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   32:55 
We have to make sure that it's not missing anything like that anyways is a constant process, right? So false positive, sorry, false negative, which is there's a huge Google launch, say for example, and we missed it. 
That is something that in the back end we can we have to keep improving our system to not miss, right? But at the same time it's OK to have, I would say it's OK to have false negative, false positives, which is. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   33:11 
OK. 
OK. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   33:27 
There may be a news which was like. 
Like last week or something. If it is coming also, I mean typically you're setting the parameters, it's not going to come. But I'm just saying right that even if there is like false positive, that is OK, False negative is not OK. But all of this has nothing to do with how you present because the person who's. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   33:40 
OK. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   33:51 
Going to listen is going to actually fully believe you, right? Like say for example, we go to a newspaper, right? Newspaper website. We don't. We don't doubt that the newspaper is not giving us like fresh information, right? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   33:58 
Yes. 
Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   34:07 
So, so, so now this has to go from forward like how to how do you make that experience as smooth as possible when the person is listening to you, that person like is listening to very good content essentially. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   34:24 
OK, got noted. Yes, noted. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   34:26 
Right. 
And is there like a speed kind of control and also the persona who's speaking to is? Remember we had actually discussed that. Is that already part of this in the audio briefing? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   34:31 
No. 
Yeah. 
No, no, no, no, no. So regarding that, I would like to ask one more question here. So Harshit, when we are generating this audio book right like there itself we are giving in which mode we are like one what we see the voice of that there is a female or male. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   34:50 
E. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   34:58 
In the while we are generating itself, we are giving that. So during listening we cannot change it. So how shall we pass that parameter? Like can we make it easier to yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   34:59 
Yes. 
No, you should. You should pass that as a preset here. So here you have done right 11 labs Rachel. OK, so here you should give that give that option of what preset to select. OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   35:14 
Yes. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   35:24 
So for example, Rachel is there, right? You have to define what Rachel is like in terms of gender, in terms of ethnicity and stuff like that. So you have to give like a couple of presets, OK? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   35:28 
Yeah. 
Yeah. 
No, which means I mean it is completely generated on right. We are not generating in every time. So once it is generated, that's it. So I'm just asking like. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   35:46 
Yeah, yeah. So what I'm trying to say is user will not change the preset while listening. User will first select the preset and then it will start listening. OK, so once. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   35:58 
And and probably user will once they've set a default right, they will only experiment a couple of times and they will only remain with the specific one that they like. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   36:10 
Yes. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   36:10 
Right. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   36:12 
So you have to once the user selects the preset then you have to run the 11 labs API. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   36:13 
Mm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   36:19 
Then it is and so I I'll just try and I'll I'll tell you the flow. The flow is that whenever we are doing this new bridge, right? Let's say this is when we run this by the default, the functional itself is right after the sending the e-mail, it is going for 11 labs. 
So there is no HIL in middle which where we are giving the preset for that. So I'm just asking you where shall we pass that parameter before we run it because internally once we started the run we cannot control it and it is coming audio book out of it. 
I hope you are understanding what I'm trying to say. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   36:52 
Then you. Yeah, yeah, I'm understanding what you're trying to say, but it should not go to the 11 laps when you click new brief. It should go to 11 laps once the user selects a preset. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   36:55 
No. 
OK, you mean that the card should be there, but when we are trying to listening in the first time, upon clicking on the precise option here, it has to go and then give us in the batch. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   37:10 
Yeah. 
Yes, yeah, because anyways you have to clean the PDF for voice. OK, so it's a downstream task anyways. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   37:22 
Yes. 
So so probably we can just keep that clean loop EDF until this stage without generating it and after coming here we can start generating it based on the that selected by the user. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   37:39 
Yes. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   37:40 
Yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   37:45 
Yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   37:48 
And then Harshit, for one of the task, I think I was just required this whisper model for the transcription task while we were interacting in. So just in case if I required it, I just I mean required it from the so just keep informing that. 
I'll if I ask him, ask a priority because when I ask him, he. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   38:04 
Yeah, yeah, sure, sure, sure. Anyways, anyways, that's a open source model. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   38:10 
Yeah, no, we need open API key for that, right? Open source we cannot run in our system as we are running in the CPU machine only. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   38:10 
This first. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   38:19 
I'm just asking the open AI key. If at all we required it, we can use it from the endpoint itself. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   38:19 
OK. 
OK, OK. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll ask to give that opening. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   38:27 
Yeah. 
No. OK. Um, yeah, I'll implement based on your senses. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   38:32 
OK, I yeah I I have to drop for another call, but please feel free to demo. There are a lot of announcement which is required. OK and I have already discussed the announcement but just you can demo it too. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   38:44 
Yeah. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   38:47 
Abhishek to get more and more suggestions. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   38:50 
Yeah. So here I will send you. Yeah, thank you. Yeah. So we have that interactive one also whatever we are talking, it is just listening here and keep responding. So here we can see this. 

 
Harshit Rajgarhia   38:52 
Okay. Thanks, Deke. Bye. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   38:55 
Yeah. 
OK, tell me. 
So do you? What are the preset prompts that you have? 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   39:12 
Let me check the digest for recent announcements and provide additional context. Oh, we don't have to stop it right now. So right now the preset prompt is only that 11 labs. We have to work on that to enhance. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   39:22 
OK. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   39:28 
To give the user friendly options. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   39:32 
Yeah, So what I would say is in this chat, right, this chat is very different from and forget about voice and all that right? For now I think make this chat like different personas. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   39:41 
Mm-hmm. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   39:46 
Right where you can select one of the personas and then for each personas it should on the left side, right? It should actually show up all example. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   39:49 
OK. 
Yes. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   39:59 
Prompts that, uh, that kind of persona can actually. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   40:04 
OK. OK. Yes, yes, understood. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   40:04 
Ask for you. You understand. 
So remember we and and you can actually just go to chat GPTN and look for those, right? I mean you you should write a proper this thing that I'm creating a digest and I have this researcher persona who writes research papers. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   40:24 
Yes, yes. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   40:24 
What are, what are things that what are the top things, top ten things that this kind of persona will ask? What are the top ten things a sales leader will ask? What are the top ten things that an account specific person will ask? 
Right. Say for example, they are aligned to account X, right? So right. So something like that. And then. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   40:46 
Yeah. 
Got it. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   40:53 
Sometimes the prompt can actually have like you can actually have like square brackets right and say and this is this is what the like say for example the account specific person right? The prompt will originally have some like a. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   41:07 
Yes. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   41:10 
For this company, right? I'm I'm helping this company, so the company name can be in square bracket and has to be filled in by the person. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   41:16 
OK, you are named that I'm not saying you are saying that we have to give a template such that the predefined things will be there. The parameterized name which is customizable to the individual level, it has to be filled by the user. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   41:31 
That's right. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   41:32 
And the template will be mentioned. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   41:34 
Exactly, exactly. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   41:36 
Got it, got it. Yeah, we'll do that because I thought it would be in the personal level. So in here with these additions only, we'll keep it in mind and implement it. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   41:38 
Right. Hmm. 
Yeah, but remember different personas because I don't see those personas currently. May maybe there is somewhere else. The other thing that I don't see is the pre pre populated prompts per persona, right? 
So this is a chat bot I understand. Hmm sorry. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   42:00 
Yeah, no, no, the first the first that is not here. Yeah, that is not here by this point. It's what I'm trying to say. Yesterday we had a, I mean Friday, Saturday we had a what we say event here. So we couldn't get the chance to work both on the persona and this one. So we just came up with this approach today and persona one we have not yet. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   42:06 
Hmm. 
That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   42:19 
Started. So we're gonna start it after this meeting. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   42:20 
OK, OK. 
OK and. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   42:24 
So just giving letting you know just so that you'll not expect that right now. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   42:29 
Yeah, yeah. The other thing is, so tell me what are, what are more things that you've implemented so far. So there's a chat bot you've implemented. That's great. Just need to add those other things right in the. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   42:40 
Yes, yeah, so chartbot. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   42:45 
Yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   42:46 
Yes. So the interactive mode or two things, I'll just go back here quickly. So one thing is that now until now what we have implemented is digest and then the audio book. So in the digest also we have given the feedbacks what I'll have to improvements and the audio feedback also. 
The audio book, we have to add a middle layer so that the time and the accuracy of the persona that is tagging will improve and then the new implementation would be the persona level one now and now Harshit also showed one more conversation by sharing his screen which is the one of the. 
Uh, website. This was he shared with us. Uh, this one. So we're gonna try to implement this. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   43:24 
Hmm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   43:27 
Because there is no difference here with the interactive one and it looks very good for the conversational thing. So he he should. Hey, do you wanna hear a funny joke? Yes. OK, I haven't even said it yet. So Harshit was just asking that we have to implement things such that there is no latency in between the. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   43:27 
Hmm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   43:46 
Conversation like, yeah, go ahead. Yeah, it's gonna be really funny voice to voice like this. So we're gonna look into this now and we'll hopefully we'll try to implement this by tomorrow when I actually say the joke. OK, yeah, so why did the? 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   43:52 
Hmm. 
Yeah, it's basically specific, like speech to speech kind of a thing, right? Instead of doing text conversion and all that, yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   44:06 
Yes, yes, you didn't know that. So yes, I should given this resource and suggestion. So we'll think of it this and so that the time and latency and also the user experience also would increase from this. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   44:22 
Sounds good. Sounds good. OK. I think this is, uh, you're in the right direction. So please focus. And I think by Friday we have to launch this. OK. So please work on this. Yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   44:23 
Yeah. 
Yeah, one thing I will share regarding that I would just like to tell. So Ravi is expecting us to put only 50% of efforts here and 50% of us in our regular activities. So could you please coordinate with him properly so that accordingly then otherwise he was also telling that. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   44:48 
Hmm. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   44:50 
You try to hand over the work to their team and then let them take it forward in that direction if possible, so. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   44:55 
No, no, there's no handover in this. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   44:58 
Yeah, this I'll just like to. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   44:59 
You would you would rather, I mean if if if there's a handover happening then I would rather take over AIDF from their team and and then they don't have to work on AIDF like it's caused us enough. Anyway, I'm basically just venting to you guys but. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   45:13 
No, no, no, I'm just telling you. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   45:15 
There's no handover. OK, so your team owns this, Yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   45:18 
I I just want then can you please speak with this with Rahul so that. 

 
Mukherji, Abhishek   45:21 
Yeah, let me, let me actually, let me reach out to him. OK, Yeah. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak   45:25 
Yes, yes. And so that if the information comes from here from him, so we can completely work on this and to implement all, yes. 

 
Rathlavath, Ramesh nayak stopped transcription 